java c
Assignment   3:   Recurrent   Neural   Networks   for   Stock   Price   Prediction, Deep   Learning   Fundamentals, 2024
Due:   11:59pm, 07/12/2024
AbstractThis   assignment   is   to   implement,   describe,   and   test Re-   current Neural Networks   (RNNs)   to predict stock prices   in   the   future, using Google Stock   Price dataseton Kaggle.   The   submission will take the   form. of a conference   paper.
1. Introduction
You   need   to   explain   the   application,   and   review   the   re-   lated work here.
2. Task   and   dataset
You are required to build a RNN to predict Google Stock Price using the Kaggle dataset available from   https://www.kaggle.com/rahulsah06/gooogle-stock-price.    You   can   use   vanilla   RNN,   Gated Recurrent Unit (GRU), or Long Short-Term Memory   (LSTM)   as   taught   in   the   lecture   and   demonstrated   in   the   workshop.The dataset provides the training set   and testing   set.   But   you   should   further   split   the   original   training   set   to   train-   ing   and   validation   sets.       Validation   set   is   for   you   to   tune   the hype-parameters.   The dataset contains   open, high,   low,   close,   volume   of the   stock   price   for   each   day.    The   task   is   to   train   a   model   that   is   able   to   predict   future   stock   price.   A   common   way   in   stock   market   prediction   is   to   use   the   past   N   days   data   (e.g.   N      =   30,   including   all   open,   high,   low,   close,   volume)   to   predict   the   next   M   days   data   (e.g.   M   =   1,   2,   3, including   all   open, high, low,   close,   volume).   There   are   other   design   choices,      and   it   is   up   to   you   how   to   model   this problem   using   a   RNN. Whatever   choice   you   make, you need to   justify and evaluate your choice.   Make it   realistic.   For   example, people   wish   to   predict   the   next   day’s   price   (M   =   1), because   they   wish   to   predict   to   sell   or   buy.   Your work will be mostly evaluated on   performance,   justifi-   cation, analysis, insights, and usefulness   (i.e.   if it   would   be   useful at all if someone wishes to   use   it).
3. Submission
The   submission   takes   the   form   of   a   conference   paper,   and your code.
3.1. Report/paper   submissionYou need to write a paper   such   as   might be   submitted   to   a   conference, and   specifically   a   paper   such   as   might   be   sub-   mitted to CVPR[1], which is one of the best   conferences   in   Computer Vision.   The paper must be   in   the   CVPR   format,   and   submitted as a pdf document.   By far the   easiest   way to   achieve   that   is   to   use   LATEX.   LATEXis   a   very powerful   docu-   ment formatting package, it’s free, and it   is   the   only   way   to   generate well formatted documents that   contain   maths.   It’s   also   the   easiest   way   to   generate   well   formatted   documents   in general.All   the   information    about   the      CVPR   paper      format   is   available      on      their      web      site[1].            The      paper      must      be      all   your   own   work,   with   no   text   copied   from   any   other   doc-   ument.   The paper you   submit must   be   in   the   format   speci-   fied   for   CVPR   2020, which   is   specified   as   part   of   the   author instructions[1].   The   easiest way to   achieve this   is   to   down-   load the LATEXtemplate and use that.   You can use some other   means   if you   really   want   to,   but   your   paper   needs   to   con-   form   to   the   CVPR   style   specification.    The   only   exception   is   that   I   don’t   mind   if   you   use   a4   paper   rather   than   their   preference for letter paper (it’s a US   conference).Good   paper   exemplars?          Go   to   the   CVPR   web代 写Assignment 3: Recurrent Neural Networks for Stock Price Prediction, Deep Learning Fundamentals, 2024Python
代做程序编程语言sites   (not   limited   to   2020),   and   read   the   BEST   PAPER   AWARD   pa-   pers   and the   oral papers in   the   past.    You may not   fully   un-   derstand the the papers, but they should give you some idea   what a look paper should   look   like.
3.2. AssessmentThe purpose   of the paper is   to   demonstrate   that   you un-   derstand   the   problem,   and   the   solution.       This   means   that   your   submission   should have   sections which broadly cover   the following
•    An introduction, which   describes the problem, and the   method/algorithm   (5 points);
•    A background   section   which   describes   competing   ap-   proaches   to   the problem.    Achieving   this requires   that   you   understand   what   the   competing      approaches   do,   how   they   do   it, their   advantages   and   shortcomings, and   how they compare to the   current   approach.   The   meth-   ods you compare against here may well perform. better   than   the   method   you   are   describing.    The   idea   of this   section   is   not   that   you   show   that   yours   is   necessarily   the   best   method   available, but   rather   that   you   show   that   you understand enough about the   literature   in   the   area   to   be   able   to   put   it   in   context   (10   points);
•    A   description   of   the   method.      This   will   typically   re-   quire   explaining   some   part   of the   algorithm   in   detail,   and providing examples   illustrating   its   effects   and   de-   ficiencies.      If   you   propose   an   improvement   then   you   should   describe   how   your   method   works,   in   enough   detail that a reasonably skilled person would be able to   implement   it   (30 points).
•    Experimental   Analysis.       Describe   the   tests   you   have   run,      and   your   motivation   for   having   run   them.       Re-   port   the   results   of   the   tests   and   the   conclusions   that   you   have   drawn.    Again,   the   goal   is   not   to   show   that   your   method   outperforms   all   comparators,   but   rather   that you understand what   the   method   aims   to   achieve,   and can devise,   execute,   and report   upon   a   set   of tests   which demonstrate whether it does so.   If   you have im-   proved upon the base method then   you have   an oppor-   tunity here to show that your improvement is well mo-   tivated, and   possibly   even   that   it   works   (30 points);
•    Code.    In   order   to   be   able   to   test   the   method   you   will   need to implement it.   You can   implement   it   in   Python   (preferred)   or   Matlab.         You   will   also   need   to   submit   your code in   https://github.com, which leaves   the timestamp. You can make your github code pub-   licly   available, OR   it   is   important   for   you   to   give   ac- cess to the teachers and tutors.   The   tutor   will   not   be   marking the quality of   your code, only checking that it   shows   enough   evidence   that   you   wrote   it   yourself, sub-   mitted   in   time,   and   no   obvious   error(s).    Please   make   a separate section (Code section)   in the report   with the   link   to   your   github   code   (20 points).
•    Conclusion.   Demonstrate that you have learned some-   thing worthwhile from the process, possibly including   ideas about what you might   do to   improve   the   method   you   are   reporting   on   (5 points).
References
[1]    CVPR.                                        Ieee               computer               society               conference               on
computer            vision             and            pattern            recognition.                                     See http://cvpr2020.thecvf.com/submission/                        main-conference/author-guidelines.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
